Update cop (#373)
ASFHyP3/hyp3-gamma: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [PEP 440](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0440/)
and uses [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [5.3.1]

### Updated

> - Granules for jobs are now validated against the updated 
> [2021  release of Copernicus GLO-30 Public DEM coverage](https://spacedata.copernicus.eu/blogs/-/blogs/copernicus-dem-2021-release-now-available).

Reviewer: I think we can shift the context to products instead of within hyp3-gamma:
```suggestion
- RTC and InSAR products are now generated using the updated 
[2021 release of Copernicus GLO-30 Public DEM coverage](https://spacedata.copernicus.eu/blogs/-/blogs/copernicus-dem-2021-release-now-available).
```

Reviewer: And this might qualify as a minor release?
